README.md, before:

# atlas-mobile-intro

This is an Expo project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

----

### ✅ Tasks checklist:
- [X] ​0. Getting Started (0/0 pts)
- [X] ​1. App Routing (10/10 pts)
- [X] ​2. App Database (20/20 pts)
- [X] ​3. FlashList (10/10 pts)
- [X] ​4. Delete All Button (20/20 pts)
- [ ] ​5. Swipe to Delete (0/20 pts)
- [X] ​6. App Styling (20/20 pts)


- [ ] **Everything Done ✓** (80/100 pts) - 80%

>### Progress Goals:
><strong>Thursday: 10% (task 1)</strong>  
<strong>Friday: 30% ✓(task 2)</strong>  
<strong>Saturday/Sunday: 60-80% ✓(task 4-5)</strong>  
<strong>Monday: 100% (task 6)</strong>

Completed: `N/A`

---

For the last couple of weeks, I've been getting distracted and having to do 50-80% 
of the project in just 2 days, plus PR, yet I've still managed to keep my streak
of all 100%s. If I can do 30-50% of a project in a single day under pressure 
while being so distracted that I don't even start until 5PM, I can do almost as 
much in a day if I stay focused and pretend my deadline is sooner.

In fact, my personal deadline this week is Monday instead of Wednesday so that
I can have plenty of time for PR, personal projects, and R&R. We'll see if this
plan works out.

Commit message:

Implemented deleting individual activities on swipe; marked project as complete

README.md, after:

# atlas-mobile-intro

This is an Expo project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app) designed to learn
the basics of React Native. This app is a steps count tracker with an SQL
database that stays on the device so each device has its own separate list
of activities.

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```


This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

----

### ✅ Tasks checklist:
- [X] ​0. Getting Started (0/0 pts)
- [X] ​1. App Routing (10/10 pts)
- [X] ​2. App Database (20/20 pts)
- [X] ​3. FlashList (10/10 pts)
- [X] ​4. Delete All Button (20/20 pts)
- [X] ​5. Swipe to Delete (20/20 pts)
- [X] ​6. App Styling (20/20 pts)


- [X] **Everything Done ✓** (100/100 pts) - 100%

>### Progress Goals:
><strong>Thursday: 10% (task 1)</strong>  
<strong>Friday: 30% ✓(task 2)</strong>  
<strong>Saturday/Sunday: 60-80% ✓(task 4-5)</strong>  
<strong>Monday: 100% ✓(task 6)</strong>

Completed: Monday, October 13, 2025

---

For the last couple of weeks, I've been getting distracted and having to do 50-80% 
of the project in just 2 days, plus PR, yet I've still managed to keep my streak
of all 100%s. If I can do 30-50% of a project in a single day under pressure 
while being so distracted that I don't even start until 5PM, I can do almost as 
much in a day if I stay focused and pretend my deadline is sooner.

In fact, my personal deadline this week is Monday instead of Wednesday so that
I can have plenty of time for PR, personal projects, and R&R. We'll see if this
plan works out.  
(it did!)
